Add coverage (#5)
simplybusiness/twiglet-ruby: README.md

```ruby
require 'twiglet/logger'

> logger = Twiglet::Logger.new('petshop') # 'petshop' is the service name

Reviewer: At least for the documentation, can we call this `'service name'` and ditch the comment?

Author: Personally I'm not a big fan of examples with `my name`, YMMV

Author: OK

Reviewer 2: Oh good shout! I agree we don't need a comment here!

Reviewer 2: Done

```

A hash can optionally be passed in as a keyword argument for `scoped_properties`. This hash must be in the Elastic Common Schema format and will be present in every log message created by this Twiglet logger object.

You may also provide an optional `output` keyword argument which should be an object with a `puts` method - like `$stdout`.

> Lastly, you can provide another optional keyword argument called `now`, which should be a function returning a `Time` object.

Author: ```suggestion
Lastly, you can provide another optional keyword argument called `now`, which should be a function returning a `Time` string in ISO8601 format.
```
